Our client side application is now looking pretty good.
We've got the full gamut of authentication stuff running inside of here.
So sign in, sign up, sign out, and so on.
So now we're going to start to move on to our next service.
Before we do, however, you might have a quick question.
You might say, Hey, Steven, we have not really done any event related stuff around our service.
Remember all of our microservices communicate using events.
We have not implemented any events or anything like that inside of our cluster so far.
So as it turns out, our service really doesn't have a whole lot to communicate to our other services
inside of our cluster.
Yes, we could emit events like say, sign up or sign in or stuff like that, but there's no other services
that we are going to have inside of our cluster that are ever going to make use of those events.
So we're not going to worry about any event related stuff for the auth service.
As a matter of fact, all the actual stuff that the service really does is being communicated through
that JSON web token.
So that's how the service kind of somewhat communicates with other services.
It's really by setting that JSON web token inside the user's cookie.
Okay.
So in this video, we're going to start to work on our next big service.
So what service are we going to work on next?
Well, it's going to be the ticketing service or the ticket service.
The goal the ticket service is going to be to list all the different tickets that have been created
inside of our application and all the tickets that are for sale.
We want to have the ability to show details about a very particular ticket.
We want to create a ticket and edit a ticket.
So these are all some pretty basic root handlers.
We're going to list stuff, show a particular record, create a record and edit a record.
The ticket service is definitely going to need to have some event related stuff.
So as soon as we get some kind of basic groundwork put together for the ticket service, then we're
going to start implementing that event stuff inside of our cluster.
All right.
Now, as we start to think about these different routes right here, specifically create a ticket and
edit a ticket, there's one quick thing I want to mention.
Chances are that whenever someone comes to our service and tries to create a ticket or edit one, we
probably want to make sure that this user is logged in.
So in other words, we're going to require authentication for a user to create or edit a ticket.
That seems like a very reasonable requirement, right?
Let's think about the impact that's going to have on our ticket service.
That means that our ticket service is probably going to need to have some kind of middleware inside
of it to make sure that the user is authenticated.
So inspect the cookie, pull out that JSON web token, validate the token, and so on.
We'll probably implement that inside of a middleware and we'll probably want to have that run before
we ever send that thing off to a route.
HANDLER Now, does that sound familiar?
Does this require off middleware?
Sound familiar?
You might recall.
Now we kind of put something together inside of our art service.
Very, very similar to that.
You might recall inside that middleware directory, we've got this require auth middleware right here.
It's certainly a very easy implementation, but without a doubt, we already wrote out something like
this.
As we start to also think about that require auth middleware inside the ticket service.
If a user is not signed in, chances are we're going to want to throw some kind of air, maybe like
a not authorized air or something like that, and have that air somehow get captured by our express
application, turned into some error message and then sent back to whoever made the request.
So something very similar, for example, to maybe this not authorized air that we already put together
inside of our service.
So I think you might be seeing where I'm going with this.
It turns out that we've got a lot of functionality already created inside of our service that we need
inside the ticket service.
And so the first thing we're going to do before even worrying about putting together the ticket service,
we're going to go back to our OTT service and we're going to start to extract a ton of logic from it.
We're going to pull out that entire custom air system.
We're going to pull out some of the different middleware we put together, and we're going to pull out
some of that request validation stuff as well.
We're going to pull all this out into a shared library that we're going to then start to use between
all of our different services.
And this is going to dramatically decrease the amount of time it takes together or takes to put together
our ticket service.
The ticket service in general is going to come together so much more quickly than the time that we spent
on our service, because all of this kind of core foundational stuff has already been written, and
all we really need to do is make sure that we can use it in both of these different services.
Okay.
So that's the first thing we're going to be working on.
We're going to extract a lot of the shared logic into a shared library and then make sure that we can
use this library inside of our different services.
So with that in mind, quick pause right here and let's get started in the next video.